Fix typo: Change "species" to "specifies" in documentation (#519)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/onchain-development/intro-to-anchor-frontend.md

Inspecting the IDL, you can see the `programId` and the `metadata` object which
have been added in anchor 0.30.0

This program contains two instruction handlers, `initialize` and `increment`.

> Notice that in addition to specifying the instructions, it specifies the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that in addition to specifying the instruction handlers, it specifies the
```

> This program contains two instructions (`initialize` and `increment`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program contains two instruction handlers, `initialize` and `increment`.
```
